Subtask/ex 119 download the result of a regeneration (#87)
bitcrowd/exmeralda: README.md

- http://localhost:4000/oban for the Oban dashboard
- http://localhost:4000/admin for our admin interface

## Download regeneration (dev only)

To regenerate a set of assistant messages for a different generation environment, do the following:

1. Create the generation environment in the console - or get its ID if it already exists
2. Get the message IDs (with role: :assistant) that you want to regenerate

> 3. Start an iex console and run: `Exmeralda.Regenerations.download([<<< MESSAGE IDs >>>], <<< GENERATION_ENVIRONMENT ID >>>)`.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Start an iex console and run: `Exmeralda.Regenerations.regenerate_messages([<<< MESSAGE IDs >>>], <<< GENERATION_ENVIRONMENT ID >>>)`.
```
